README.md, before:

# About the project
<p align="center"><img width="150" alt="Morse Code Translator" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183945808-d843d838-9329-4a45-a973-a9104bfa784a.png"></p>

<p align="center">Morse Code Translator Logo</p>

**Morse Code Translator** is a simple Windows Form project. The user can convert any plain text into Morse code and vice versa.

This project has been done using **Windows Form (.NET Framework 4.8)** to build a desktop application for the Windows operating system. In addition to using the **C#** programming language for the functionality and logic of the application.

The purpose of this project, in addition to helping the user understand how morse code works, is to demonstrate my programming skills using **C#** as well as further expand my knowledge in the development, design and deployment of desktop applications.

# How to Use Morse Code Translator

<p align="center"><img alt="Morse Code Translator Main window" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183961234-c2fb0e7e-0eda-4c3e-bf41-67116faf0556.png"></p>
<p align="center">Morse Code Translator Main window</p>

These sections will demonstrate how to use the application:

## Convert Plain text into Morse Code

1. First, in the "Type of Input" section select the "Plain Text" option to be able to write letters from A to Z (UPPERCASE or lowercase), digits from 0 to 9, and also the space to separate each word.
<p align="center"><img alt="Type of input Section. Plain Text Input selected" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183966681-22837f75-5b17-46fa-8a63-9ec44f6ecb49.png"></p>

2. In the "Enter Your Input:" section type what you want to be translated, and then click the "Translate" button, or press the Enter key.
<p align="center"><img alt="Enter your Input Section with a SAMPLE TEXT in Plain Text" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183968982-34cf204d-4b51-4e90-9623-98e3378b30ea.png"></p>

3. The result you will get is going to be shown in Morse Code in the "Output" section.
<p align="center"><img alt="Output Section. Morse Code Output is being shown here" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183970215-2ff0f1bf-b2be-42d3-a82a-eb0c6f4d992c.png"></p>


## Convert Morse Code into Plain Text

1. In the "Type of Input" section select the "Morse" option to be able to write dots "." and dashes "-" to create letters, a space to separate each letter, slashes "/" to separate words.
<p align="center"><img alt="Type of Input Section. Morse Code selected" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183972558-1974fd37-d441-4ec1-b759-d19108739af5.png"></p>

2. In the "Enter Your Input:" section type what you want to be translated, and then click the "Translate" button, or press the Enter key.
<p align="center"><img alt="Enter your Input Section with a SAMPLE TEXT in Morse Code" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183972860-480011cf-ad81-4e1a-b093-32346f243f1c.png"></p>

3. The result you will get is going to be shown in Plain Text in the "Output" section.
<p align="center"><img alt="Output Section. Plain Text Output is being shown here" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183973118-933bb909-62bd-49ea-9e98-36b83b466a7a.png"></p>


## Copy the Output result

You can copy the displayed result to the output section in the following ways:

- Selecting the text and pressing the key combination CTRL + C
- Or by clicking on the "Copy Text" button. On your left side a blue text will appear confirming that the text has been copied to your clipboard

<p align="center"><img alt="Copy text Button with a confirmation message" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183974520-f238bb27-0775-410d-ae86-53bec979620c.png"></p>

##

Commit message:

See  the help window for more information README

README.md, after:

# About the project
<p align="center"><img width="150" alt="Morse Code Translator" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183945808-d843d838-9329-4a45-a973-a9104bfa784a.png"></p>

<p align="center">Morse Code Translator Logo</p>

**Morse Code Translator** is a simple Windows Form project. The user can convert any plain text into Morse code and vice versa.

This project has been done using **Windows Form (.NET Framework 4.8)** to build a desktop application for the Windows operating system. In addition to using the **C#** programming language for the functionality and logic of the application.

The purpose of this project, in addition to helping the user understand how morse code works, is to demonstrate my programming skills using **C#** as well as further expand my knowledge in the development, design and deployment of desktop applications.

# How to Use Morse Code Translator

<p align="center"><img alt="Morse Code Translator Main window" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183961234-c2fb0e7e-0eda-4c3e-bf41-67116faf0556.png"></p>
<p align="center">Morse Code Translator Main window</p>

These sections will demonstrate how to use the application:

## Convert Plain text into Morse Code

1. First, in the "Type of Input" section select the "Plain Text" option to be able to write letters from A to Z (UPPERCASE or lowercase), digits from 0 to 9, and also the space to separate each word.
<p align="center"><img alt="Type of input Section. Plain Text Input selected" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183966681-22837f75-5b17-46fa-8a63-9ec44f6ecb49.png"></p>

2. In the "Enter Your Input:" section type what you want to be translated, and then click the "Translate" button, or press the Enter key.
<p align="center"><img alt="Enter your Input Section with a SAMPLE TEXT in Plain Text" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183968982-34cf204d-4b51-4e90-9623-98e3378b30ea.png"></p>

3. The result you will get is going to be shown in Morse Code in the "Output" section.
<p align="center"><img alt="Output Section. Morse Code Output is being shown here" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183970215-2ff0f1bf-b2be-42d3-a82a-eb0c6f4d992c.png"></p>


## Convert Morse Code into Plain Text

1. In the "Type of Input" section select the "Morse" option to be able to write dots "." and dashes "-" to create letters, a space to separate each letter, slashes "/" to separate words.
<p align="center"><img alt="Type of Input Section. Morse Code selected" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183972558-1974fd37-d441-4ec1-b759-d19108739af5.png"></p>

2. In the "Enter Your Input:" section type what you want to be translated, and then click the "Translate" button, or press the Enter key.
<p align="center"><img alt="Enter your Input Section with a SAMPLE TEXT in Morse Code" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183972860-480011cf-ad81-4e1a-b093-32346f243f1c.png"></p>

3. The result you will get is going to be shown in Plain Text in the "Output" section.
<p align="center"><img alt="Output Section. Plain Text Output is being shown here" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183973118-933bb909-62bd-49ea-9e98-36b83b466a7a.png"></p>


## Copy the Output result

You can copy the displayed result to the output section in the following ways:

- Selecting the text and pressing the key combination CTRL + C.
- Or by clicking on the "Copy Text" button. On its left side a blue text will appear confirming that the text has been copied to your clipboard.

<p align="center"><img alt="Copy text Button with a confirmation message" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183974520-f238bb27-0775-410d-ae86-53bec979620c.png"></p>

## See the help window for more information

You can open the help window with the small button with the question mark "?" located at the bottom left of the window.

<p align="center"><img alt="Location of the Help Button" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183975633-cc8d3b4b-fc57-4895-bf28-dced1ccc3ddb.png"></p>

There you will find the same guide on how to use the program, a sample text to demonstrate the operation of the program, as well as the International Morse Code Chart, containing all the characters that the program allows to translate.

<p align="center"><img alt="International Morse Code Chart in the Help Window" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425287/183975491-43d27a75-3e53-4660-87a0-b0d6cf345e23.png"></p>
